hey guys you're here for season 4
episode 9 turn table turn in episode 10
bunny skull bunny skull orange the new
black happening now you're tuning in to
the destination for TV super fan
discussion
afterbuzz TV and now let the bug trap
trap trap to the cages for the cages for
the zoo and everyone's waiting waiting
on you
fine
nobody I thought we were like in it
together there that was well know when
to end right and we just that was pretty
very well hey guys I am Scott Moore you
can find me on the old twitter at sman
80 that's sm an 8-0 and to my left is
the lovely
hey everybody y'all can find me
everywhere at April listen Pam
whoo yeah and it's it's just the two of
us to chat up and we have our girl
sterling in the channel some others let
us know wait I thought she really liked
our singing she said wow that was
beautiful sterling did really good so oh
I'm really good that's right if mom says
you're good singer you're a good singer
exactly woohoo so now we're starting to
get into it now these these these
episodes 9 and and 10 or we're getting
closer to the yet to the finish line of
the season I'm scratching my nose
because of the just gross stuff that
happened oh yeah I know we're kind of
talking about it off camera but yeah
because nobody heard that
it didn't really actually happen I said
we can talk about exactly what the game
was that maritza was playing and and why
all of a sudden humps the CEO I
compounds could have sort of his
nickname yeah where all the whole nasty
game came from so it seems like he are
clearly he's just messed up in the head
like we learned you know later in
episode 10 where they say that he he
found a cockroach and instead of you
know killing it or throwing it out or
whatever he put it in the blender so he
literally just messed up but they were
playing the game would you rather and I
was telling you like you know it's a
game my friends I play sure everyone
does all the time yeah we've come up
with some weird stuff like probably
actually weirder than eating my mouth
our flaws like I probably I probably
said to eat some weirder stuff than that
maybe the mouse is really weird though
but for him to like like clearly he's
just so messed up he heard that little
moment and he knew that he had something
on her because he you know heard her say
whatever or follow me to the guy last
week whenever she thought they were
about to get caught but he literally
caught that and then decided he really
wanted to see what she would rather do I
mean it chills it was it just was creepy
and bizarre and yeah I played the game
before but nothing like that and like
you said that's like a whole other level
it's like would you rather George
Clooney or Brad Pitt those things not
this I I guess I was just trying to
figure out what what is what his motives
really are torture then yeah but it's
just yeah it's just beyond though it's
because obviously we knew he had
overheard because he could speak Spanish
and you ever heard what was going on and
so I kept thinking oh my gosh she's
gonna get caught and write what is he
gonna have and what is he getting you to
hold over her and you think it's
something sexual or sit like usual like
sto want something in return but this is
like a whole other level and I'm trying
to figure out what exactly his motive is
and what he's hoping to get out of her I
know what everyone else out there thanks
but yeah definitely let us know what
y'all think I think it's just like this
first sprinkling even though we've seen
stuff like we've seen some dark stuff
like with Sophia and Shu and everything
but I think it's like the first
sprinkling of like we're about to let
you know exactly how messed up this is
about to get yes I want to eat and I
starting says he's a psycho Moritz the
storyline is killing me right now and me
too because she just I don't know it's
like I don't know she's just suffering a
lot right now she she is and and I will
admit it right here I've eaten some
crazy food but that's when you're out
traveling and and you go but never
anything like that I mean I don't think
that's a delicacy in any country you
know I watch it probably is and I just
it's just weird and no it's just I for
her but besides that this episode we'll
get more into detail with Moritz and
everything because I do think she
definitely is going through a lot but in
this episode - we got to learn about
Blanca / Bianca yeah
Calgon her backstory which was way
different than I you know I love that
we're getting to see a lot of these back
stories now and again like we were
talking with Jolene last week and it's
fascinating to me about how they how the
writers decide you know these whole
stories of these characters and that was
one - I would never ever think of no I I
didn't even necessarily get hers like or
I didn't get why in the end she just
ended up you know like banging the guy
from the old lady I guess just till I
show her like this is yeah I'm gonna do
whatever and you're not gonna be able to
blackmail me
but I would have never guessed that
either because she came off as so just
like sweet and she's obviously she's
being paid to be you know in age to this
lady I don't know what the actual term
for like a hospice worker or something
like yeah like or like a caretaker and
whiners or something like that
yeah I mean I don't know I mean we don't
know I don't know if she was dying or if
she was just needing it sound like she
at least she just need in home because
she didn't want to move out of the into
a nursing home and she was trying to
spite her daughter and everything I mean
it was very again what's great about is
they make this character like milli they
make this very real like there are a lot
of elderly people that want to stay in
place in their homes and they don't want
to move to nursing only I want to get
rid of their independence and she was
that difficult cantankerous old lady
that was very you know probably running
everyone's patience very thin like even
I was saying everything like oh my god
no yeah she was annoying but I was also
like what the part where she said you
know I you're very close to getting this
house or whatever I die I'm like yeah
okay so yeah but your character oh
really nice well and that was kind of my
thing too is she's like oh so now I'm
just supposed to like shut it down with
the you know all that enough oh my god
argos tomorrow yeah but somewhere else
like come on girl you got you I get that
she's annoying and of course but you
signed up for this job like if you just
hold out but I thought it was really
well done and I was still trying to
figure out the end though because by the
very end the last scene we saw that
backstory yeah it seemed like Millie was
scared of her well and I didn't
understand why she would be scared just
because she saw her having sex in her
bedroom like clearly it was like an fu
moment right like she hurt yeah she hurt
her in the middle night but that it was
like when she came in and said Oh what
do you want to wear you know say the
pink thing he was like she just seemed
very so again that was one thing where I
was trying to figure out what happened
and what did they do to get her to the
point to where he's so scared but that's
what I mean I don't understand why she
would be in in my mind that was the next
day like after that yeah that's her here
like I don't understand why she would be
scared of her if anything I thought she
was gonna like flip out right but it
also makes me wonder I mean and maybe
not with everyone but most of the time
we find out like what people did right
that ultimately got them into jail and
we don't know what she did so now I mean
I mean maybe we've heard that before
your show and I just don't remember no
no no seriously because I you know I
know she was kidding and obviously I
wouldn't think she'd be in low security
prison if she actually killed her
because you know she made that joke
about about killing her husband to Dario
right at one point and I started
thinking like is that what happened but
then I thought why would she have done
that yeah she's this old lady's Millie's
an invalid basically a carrot like what
what would she get out of that because
unless she did something sneekly and she
thought you know it wasn't like a
full-on murder and she was gonna be able
to get the house or something I don't
know so I'm fascinating no because we
really didn't get that conclusion and I
didn't get why she why Millie was so
scared of her by the end yeah and how
she had gotten that power and she had
that whole conference about her a Blanca
did yeah which was was fascinating I
think what we're supposed to think is
that because Blanca was just so like a
brazen and literally looked at Millie
during it that that was supposed to be
like okay I'm gonna do whatever so what
I say goes I'm the one taking care of
you
to me I didn't read that I was like oh
she should have like daaad something
yeah yeah yeah that's exactly I kind of
hope we see more on that yeah I think it
would be good to get a follow up to that
but I love the backstory I love the
whole thing of her with Dario and
and I just thought it was a really good
dynamic and it was a really interesting
story and something very different from
all the previous other women's
backstories ok little tidbit that I
didn't remember sterling just says uh
she said maybe she killed Millie and
then she said but also remember Dario
from season one he was the one who
Blanco was sexting from that phone that
Piper got her hands that's right
yeah they killed Milly together yeah
well no that's what I was I that's what
I was thinking because it was sort of
that hints when she joked with him when
she met him about oh yeah we killed you
know I killed her husband kind of right
so I was like is this supposed to be
that that they did and he was had his
criminal past but it wasn't a hundred
percent clear to me and I still was
curious about what happened to change
the dynamic that quickly and Milly was
now scared of her yeah
Great backstory though I loved it I
thought it was really fun
and I really have thought these stories
have been the best yet of any of the
seasons really oh because you know we
have lollies a couple weeks ago - a
couple episodes ago was so good yeah I
mean just so great and that whole
montage scene everything about her and
the casting everything was just was
beautiful and you know we're joining and
I don't know and her character's
backstory soon as I want to know what
got her character in in prison as we
were saying so it's it's really it's
made it a lot of fun yeah they've done a
really great job the other thing that
what I loved about this too is the the
whole intro we opened with with Judy
King and you know the girls knowing that
basically she used them which I thought
was brilliant - exactly for that whole
the whole picture the whole that whole
want the storyline is so funny and their
little meeting with Caputo sure they
have to like pretend she's like this is
real because he knows her he obviously
suspects like you know y'all did this or
you did this whatever she's like oh no
this is real love but at the I think
about how many people have gotten in
trouble for like having relationships
with one another in the past and of
course Judah King yes you get she gets
away with it because she's such a good
manipulator and yeah and everyone's cut
they're just they're loving it but you
know so loose check is in charge of
getting them
the check from whatever paper published
a photo I have a feeling they're never
gonna see that money because all the
girls are so excited my commissary about
yeah especially with loose check being
the one in charge of that yeah good luck
like seemed to redeem himself a little
bit at my book recently or now that you
know we see the moments that we saw in
episode 10 I was I'm kind of like Oh
whose check but I don't know yeah I
doubt they'll end up getting it I doubt
it too but yeah it's uh you know we
because we do find out in the episode
that was actually that it was that it
was his phone right you know that's what
we're trying to figure out and no I
thought it was what's-her-face his phone
no remember he he was worried about
being caught I thought because he like
sent it out yeah okay was his phone yeah
no no not not that's the other thing
with with sister and all that yeah yeah
no I'm thinking I thought he was like he
just used to phone the like actually or
like contacted the people right yeah
yeah okay yeah I thought they took the
phone on I can't think of her name right
now but right but he's yeah but he he
was involved in making sure got out so
he would be implicated with his phone
and that's what he was saying when
piscatella wanted him to head up looking
up the phones do you think piscatella
knew you think that was just a total
coincidence thing I think those total
coincidence I don't know because it's
just like you're an idiot you don't do
anything so you do this well cuz he
basically talk down to him and said yeah
yeah you should be working at a Gamestop
which I'm like by the way what's wrong
with that I mean it was such a put-down
he really has gotten to a point to which
I'm wondering about his character of
just really kind of taking over his
whole abuse of power and Al as well
since Caputo sort of been out of the
picture of running the day-to-day he's
been taking over and and now you know a
lot of control honestly he was kind of
the one that I mean obviously he does
certain things that are awful and that
we hate but he was kind of the one that
I was like okay at least you're not like
trying to like rape these chicks at
least you're not bringing these other
things
them but but I mean on the other hand
it's like he's gay so maybe if he was
working at a male prison it would have
been different so I don't know yeah I'm
just saying that keeps him out of and I
could sit I'm like ah it's a cuz I'm gay
but no but I'm but the fact that he
doesn't have that temptation there yeah
but he's definitely getting that abuse
of power that is now getting more and
more and I'm wondering where this is
gonna go because now we've only seen
through episode 10 so these last three
episodes what's gonna happen because
he's really just kind of one in the show
here
yeah and computers absence I don't know
I have a feeling it's not gonna be good
stuff no little the conversation with
Piper happened in 10 or 9 I think it
happened in 10 did it happen now I this
is why we do them together now because
realistically it's hard to kill cuz I'm
like no I think that was this episode
but now I think but in either way either
way he's on a power trip and I just want
Caputo should be there like I mean I
know he's a higher-up and he doesn't
deal with the day-to-day but like this
was his I don't know I feel like this is
his place
so don't let all these new people come
in and just completely hang it up yeah
and and he's still and he's involved but
in a way kudos involved but in a way
that is less hands-on cuz you would
think that he would want to be but that
was that that's like his prison like
he's been there I feel it's odd that he
takes he wants to take control on
certain things but then he's sort of not
as clearly involved day to day and it is
a big difference to season true
you know the enrichment program we
wanted to do for the women and all these
other things he wants to do but somehow
he's never simply absent he just has no
idea what's going on those little houses
in the back though no idea that
everyone's just like hammered drunk
right which is the biggest disaster and
I think that's also gonna come to a
point - yeah something's gonna happen
and that was his idea to do those house
right right so that's a wall in and it
was a him in Linda which we didn't see
really any no I was I did not miss her
app in either of the episodes so I
always find it sometimes you'll notice
sometimes you know like lolly won't be
in or
don't be in he'll notice but I didn't
really notice you know not having her
there
lolly wasn't in episode 9 I did miss her
I did right that's I'm saying like
there's certain characters if you don't
see them you do ask them but speaking
about the cabins though how about when
maritza just completely calls out the
guy in the woods saying he's a gardener
yeah yeah I thought that was a smart way
to get out of it maybe a little soon
after you know she said that she didn't
want to do anything anymore because she
was afraid of getting in trouble but I
mean getting the guy arrested who was
picking her who's bringing them and the
jury because now they but she did it
cleverly like it's so weird that there's
a gardener here when there's you know on
staff crew for free basically yeah it
was really nice shirt yeah exactly what
kind of odd yeah I mean that was her
kind of diversion in that sense to to
make sure because she was she's I it's
the same thing that's happening with
Murray with this abuse of power which is
kind of a common thread amongst all the
characters and has been really since
season one but seeing Maria and Maria is
becoming scary yeah she runs every year
sweet girl who like once her baby to
visit all the time yeah you know she's
turned into this very scary and
somewhere it's is really worried and
it's trying to do anything she can to
get out of this situation and for her
about was the easiest way out right um
little did she know that humps already
kind of knew what was going on and knew
that they were connected and it wasn't
you know anything for that class oh well
I mean that's I mean he spoke Spanish
she had no idea but it's just weird to
see Maria like rise so quickly to power
I mean I guess if you have the stuff
that everyone wants obviously it's gonna
happen but seeing that people walk up to
her and be like you know the white girls
want 7 o'clock on this stakes they would
watch this show and like she is just
running things right now yeah a little
weird but you know it's working for her
yeah um it's working right now and and
she actually is like legit scary like
watch
run everything it's it's pretty
impressive yeah this episode 2 is where
you're gonna remember his name and just
a sec he apologizes to Doggett
Oh Coates yeah yeah yeah and well I know
he apologized last week right but then
she is kind of like dealing it over and
even I think I said last week I'm like
oh he really did seem genuine yada yada
yada but as soon as she starts to tell
boo about it I'm like oh no I don't know
like this is bad because she you can
just tell that she's falling for it
yeah I'm not to say that people don't
deserve forgiveness right boo definitely
had some really good points like no he
doesn't get to he has to feel sorry for
forever that he did this terrible man
but he's getting away with him yeah but
then you know you can just tell Doggett
is she's just gonna crawl right back in
there deserve forgiveness he could be a
normal person who just messed up the
thing is Heenan just messed up once it
was multiple responsible times yeah so
it's sort of like okay well even one
time I just have a hard time even horse
even feeling like oh that's okay right
well it's nothing not okay no but you
know I'm saying like forgiving wise I
might even that just seems like extreme
but the fact that he had carried this on
multiple times and yes that messed up it
just all that's really sad and the
problem is is that she that she
experienced that so much in her life
that she doesn't I don't say she doesn't
know any better but she was used to
being treat treated that way and it's
horrible but it's hard for her I think
her and and she also does feel I think
she feels a connection towards him like
she said yeah so you add all that
together and it makes it very
challenging and and and that happens and
not even just as something as Extreme
with that but just an unhealthy
relationships in general yeah where
people just feel you're sorry for the
person or oh they won't do it again or
make those excuses and it's really
really hard when you're in a and a
difficult relationship kind of an
environment like that
it really is she even says she's like
we're you know we're gonna see each
other every day both of us live here
right well I guess he does live there
right because he lives off that right
but I mean I boo was like if you go
to him or if you you know engage with
him I'm done with you right I don't
think she would ever be fully done with
her because I think she's always gonna I
think you should kind of protect her but
I also think that her kind of taking a
stand and being like no this is not okay
I mean obviously dogger has to live her
own life but if everyone was just like
oh no we apologize yeah okay well I
think not good for her we had to give
her an ultimatum I think that's sort of
like the friend kind of putting it in
check and saying look you need to leave
this guy you know if it was in the real
world anything if you're with your
girlfriends and someone saying you leave
this guy and and if you keep going back
to him it's like I not I can't do this
anymore if you decide to go back with
this guy than either I'm not you can't
come back and complain to me you can't
you know whatever this is your choice
because I've told you you need to get
away from yeah if your friend is like
telling you that I think there is a
point to where your friends need to give
you an ultimatum and say look you need a
reality check
yeah and if you decide to keep doing
this don't come running back to me kind
of thing and that was sort of what she
was saying and in a lot of ways I get it
the other thing that was going on in
this episode too is there's this
closeness this reclose Ness with Alex
and Piper again yeah trying to get their
burger see I was making me hungry
talking about Shake Shack I've never had
Shake Shack though so I gotta try that
out but then CEO Bailey he's getting in
on the action he's like oh yeah I'll get
you that for my hand job yeah they're
like all the crap so quick right but
just seeing them kind of get close
together again I'm like huh see I like
it I just I'm it's just the back and
forth thing like this what not the back
and forth thing is annoying sure
but I like it because of my who else are
their characters gonna be really really
close to like they do they can develop
these other relationships of course like
you know Nikki's sown in there every now
and then reddleman their lollies but
that's I mean they're the closest out of
everyone so I kind of I think it's just
like where the story goes naturally yeah
I just I'm still just the two of them
making it seem romantic no it wasn't
really a friendly it was it was but it
was still
the fact that they're getting close
together again made me think oh god here
we go again right and then let's get cut
world up in their drama again and just
that was my only thing but you're right
I mean I'm the offset on the onset it
was nicely done work felt good it wasn't
too intense or romantic right it wasn't
like it didn't make me feel at all like
oh they're trying to be room I mean they
like jokes about sex stuff or a little
bit but that was just a joke really but
it still thinking I still annoyed me a
little bit yeah okay I just thought not
again yeah guys you're driving me up the
wall with your craziness and you're back
and forth and I don't hopefully we won't
see much of that yeah not what happens
with Nikki today or an episode done well
that was you know that was part of the
thing to wear you know Alex and and
again I did like that because it was
like a piper went to Alex about our
concerns about Nikki and you know then
you have the other thread that red gets
to know that she's back on stuff and
that was when they were in the cafeteria
that was that was a really intense - but
everyone knows like mirela know yeah
mirela knows that she's back on it and
she's like what's wrong with you you can
hardly keep your head up and I mean she
was clearly just like cracked out or yes
withdrawing I don't know what she was
whenever they were well cafeteria but
yeah it was just and she said she was
trying to go through withdrawals like
you know she was trying to quit
cold-turkey again but I feel like we
know that she's really not and that
she's definitely struggling and it's
just the whole that that whole thing is
just it's really sad yeah well I I was
kind of confused at first when red just
sort of like walked away cafeteria yeah
but then again I think she knows that
she can't like flip out in that moment
because that's not gonna help Nikki and
that's not what she responds to
whatsoever so I don't know it's just
it's sad and everyone's kind of taking
everyone feels a little responsible for
it right even though they shouldn't like
it is just it is on Nikki yeah she was
and she would max for a long time but
well I mean that that moment that they
had to when she when
they're in the bathroom alone yeah that
was that was actually sort of a
heartbreaking scene rights crying and
and and I think she's also the point to
or she I don't feel like she even knows
what to do anymore yeah I will just to
see read cry like that's huge she's only
ever been super to I mean like she's not
even when she was like beat to a pulp
right in the hospital she was still you
know like a little timid but mostly
tough and to see her just like
completely break down it's awful break
down and have that moment and just the
one-on-one with her and just kind of
seeing that and and it was because she
really does care about Nicky and I think
that this happens a lot you know when
you're having a deal with someone that's
struggling and addict or other things
like sometimes you're just not equipped
to be able to help someone and you get
to the point you're like what can I do
and you're afraid you're gonna lose this
person right there family I mean right
this is right and so Nicky she's like
what are you gonna do you're gonna kick
me out of the family you're gonna do
this no I mean were you read just wants
to help her she wants her to be she
wants to be better and it's like she she
understood and she kind of overlooked
knowing once she realized she was the
one that was stealing her stuff to trade
it's yeah it's it's really it really is
heartbreaking but the thing is we keep
seeing her go through this excuse me you
see Nicky kind of go get better for a
while and then take a couple steps back
get better take a couple steps back and
it's you just wonder how much longer can
that last
there's either she's gonna finally get
better or it's she's gonna get much much
worse so facts I do I kind of worry
about her I missed this comment from
sterling but I am just like
shell-shocked right now because she said
we all know I don't love Piper but
seeing her with Alex she's way more
normal slash likable no I totally agree
with sterling I mean that was the thing
is in this in this particular episode
will in these two episodes Piper seems
more like the piper we knew from the
beginning exactly at the the season one
not trying to be something she's not not
being crazy or whatever she just felt
like normal and that was the one good
thing I thought about the closeness that
she was having with Alex's it didn't
feel
forced and it wasn't like they were
trying to get something out of it I just
think oh here we go gang getting closer
no that was what I was thinking but
she's absolutely right
I like this Piper this was the piper
that we've known and loved from season
one from the earlier seasons not the
direction that she was going in that was
just getting so far off base that it was
ridiculous right that's pretty much it
for that episode well yeah I mean we had
you know obviously we had Aleta who was
getting out though that was no big
storyline Aleta was getting out in two
days and trying to figure out what she
was gonna do and you know you have a
leader you have daya and Gloria and I
love the moment with Aleta asking Gloria
take care of that yeah she's like she's
your daughter
now basically and yeah I do feel oh no
way Gloria what has that responsibility
not just to lead it but I think she
feels that Wayne as like her prison
daughter as well you know well that you
remember whenever diet was pregnant for
the longest time she wouldn't go to
Aleta at all she only wanted to go to
glory because Gloria wasn't isn't as
harsh and was just more loving toward
her yeah so this is I mean like the
natural thing she hasn't been she's been
more of a mom in a lot of ways and and
we've seen it in the past with Aleta is
that Gloria's been more of a mom finger
to die than Alito yeah because she
wasn't capable of being the mom that
maternal instinct that that daya needed
at the time and you've seen that with a
relationship because it's frayed and
even before she was getting out of
prison it was sort of like that I didn't
know how to deal with it exactly yes
there was definitely that moment that we
knew she was trying to be tough on the
outside cuz she was sad but there was
definitely definitely some struggles
there and how to deal with it for sure
so we definitely we had that going on
but that was great that was a great
scene I love the whole daughter's yeah
they're the worst the other funny thing
too was like kind of going on what we're
talking about with Judy and and Cindy
and they're their fake relationship and
yeah that scene was so great with Caputo
but then they have
her seeing with them up in there their
room with Jones which was like they're
having like a tea party kind of thing
yeah
teacup something that was saying yogurt
you hate such a funny scene yeah I mean
it's just don't you think they'll steal
yeah like I who cares and the whole soso
impose a thing or such as like oh now
we're not the you know couple of the
interracial couples you know they're
like now the jay-z and Beyonce or the
Kim and Kanye yeah I was so funny oh it
was such a good to have those
light-hearted moments and and I was
cracking up on the whole scene again the
with Caputo cuz we didn't go into detail
at that but the whole June to October
she's like yeah it's like you know how
were made at December and then she's
like any more like June to October so be
a prison yeah that was really funny and
of course we can't forget about sister
trying to go in and save Sophia what
exactly thought was so great she's been
trying to get herself putting this year
and they said the thing is normally she
did some stuff that would normally put
her right in there but they have this
they only have a couple of rooms left in
a shoe so they're like you know deal
with their stuff it's only like if it
gets terrible so she like smokes in
front of people and just does crazy
stuff and the only thing that gets her
kicks in it putting the shoe is when she
slapped Gloria which was great too
because she's like alright
it was also know they all kind of played
along you know everybody played along
and and I thought that was great it was
so well done oh yeah I think that was
that episode 10 prop up probably now I
think that was when I saw Sarah on yeah
yeah cuz she went to shoe after that
yeah gotcha now that happened in nine
that's why I thought was really great
and then we had you know Blanca getting
in troubled so the other thing that they
were doing in this episode cuz there's
so much that happened oh yeah where they
had all the they were sneaking
themselves up so you know for the frisky
she put like oyster sauce yeah nasty
food
whenever so he makes her stand on the
table yeah because she wasn't listening
to him you're not taking a shower yeah
he's like you're not getting down until
you apologize to me and I'm like that's
such a it was just the weirdest way to
punish one and then you just think about
like inhumane treatment kind of thing
yes I
it just feels like okay well now because
I'm in prison again it's sort of this
power trip that its power run amok here
and now there that she just could this
forced to stand up there yeah and she's
using the bathroom of course what else
is she supposed to she's so stubborn
yeah but you know just get down and say
I'm sorry yeah she's not going to know
that was but that was that was also very
difficult to watch because it was just
the the power trip thing and then the
other CEO says no I think you made a
mistake you basically said it was like
an impulsive punishment thing and the
other guard was right I mean he he did
make mistakes yeah so but yeah so before
we end episode nine we were talking
about humps or anything this was the
part where at the end were Moretz is
basically yeah it was a gun to her head
I mean that got pretty intense pretty
fast so it's something's gonna come to a
head here with this out of control SEOs
and and the prisoners and I don't know
we're getting closer and closer well we
have after town only three more episodes
left I know and I again it's like I
remember in previous seasons from I
thinking what they can do with just
three episodes left so I have a few more
just to be sure crazy last three
episodes well in episode 10 we see her
really dealing with it and she has this
moment or she's just like constantly
throwing up in the showers and I mean
obviously she just had to swallow a baby
mouse and then we see that moment with
her later in the episode where she's
telling the story and it's talking about
how she could like feel it is no need
for me to recast that wonderful yeah
when she was talking I was like no when
she felt the toes oh yeah but I don't
know it's just crazy and sterling
mentioned earlier and the chat she's
like I can't believe that
people that the two other CEOs clearly
know that something happened yeah and
that they just kind of brushed it off
like oh we don't have proof right what I
mean it's like that looking the other
way there a lot of stuff right that
happens so much and anything it's like
oh let's look the other way we don't
want to deal with it you right so yeah
it happens all the time yeah well I mean
it's it like we always talk about it so
relevant to people just like overed not
that I mean mate forcing someone to eat
a baby mouse or ten dead flies it's not
irrelevant I hope to current times but I
mean like the whole the point of it is
right that abuse of power and everything
is definitely irrelevant but now that
we're we are talking about episode 10
yeah you know this is this is Aleta's
release day and and the other thing that
was great about this particular episode
instead of going to a backstory we're
now threading the current story of Aleta
and how she's navigating being out of
prison for her like first day well
everything I just kept thinking I'm like
oh don't get put back and don't do
anything bad whenever she's when she's
finally out and it's her her ex I don't
know if she was married to him or if
they were just dating a czars baby mom
his new baby mama yeah taking her I mean
how often is that angled away it's so
messed up and it was also said that she
really didn't have anyone else exactly
she had to basically resort to and and
she's made that clear because before she
got released she was saying I don't have
anyone on the outside my whole family's
in here and we see I mean we know now
that she has this cousin that she had
been trying to reach that could put or
that had like money of hers and your
shoes and clothes and stuff that she
could have reached but the cousin is an
answering your phone and then I'm just
like yeah Jasmina Jasmina she's been
answering her phone
and of course cuz she's avoiding her I
guess she knows that she has money
that's owed to her and she can't pair
well but I thought it was like nice of I
forget her name now say czars baby mama
that's all I know I can't say that I
don't even know what yeah I don't know I
can't remember her name and she wasn't
really mentioned by name
didn't call my name during this episode
so it's the same thing but when she took
her to that store I went to like a
restaurant they went to a diner which
was a hazard freakout moment what she
only have like 40 bucks
no what are you where else can you go
yeah but I thought I might oh gosh she's
gonna run out with a dress and they're
gonna arrest her and she's gonna be
right that's what I thought too but I
think part of it I was thinking the same
thing as you were and I was thinking
well maybe she wants to be sent back
because now she's starting to realize
she doesn't have anything right
and when she runs out and you know that
scene when she runs out from the baby
mama I thought wow maybe she's gonna
realize she just needs to go back to
prison cuz what is she gonna do she's
out on her own
exactly I even wrote that in my notes
here I was like out where she go next
like realizes she's completely alone
yeah well it just I mean I'm having all
these flashbacks of tasty tasty being
release and then immediately coming back
in because not because she didn't have
anywhere else to go but she didn't and
that got her into a situation which then
led her to be put back in rosin
obviously I mean recidivism rates are
very high and and it goes back to a lot
of things is is like we're saying you
you have structure you have family quote
unquote family in prison you have three
squares a day you have a shelter and you
go back out and it's that stigma of not
being able to get a job you know we saw
this as she our leader herself as drug
like what can I do now what can I do as
a career yeah
and it's gonna be interesting to see
will she be able to stay out of prison
or wish to get herself in trouble is she
gonna start going back on the
underground to just make money because
now of course she doesn't have any money
Jasmina has money in camp hair back I
literally thought she had no money this
whole time like I didn't know which
obviously they've never addressed it so
how would we know but I thought she was
literally going out with like nothing
yeah so it's just like heartbreaking to
hear that she had had maybe like a
little little nest egg they've done and
then it's just completely gone because
yeah her just me and I had to go to the
ER and then her husband or boy I was
like yeah what was really hot
is not that expensive well one hand we
don't know how much money she had
exactly a couple thousand yeah that's
what I was in my head - what - I was
thinking okay what's really going on
here you know or sure they should they
just spend it of course I mean she they
sold all of her stuff except for clearly
they were just in it for the cash yeah
yeah but she does I mean she offers her
she says like you can you can stay with
us like we can even share the bed just
like old times
so I was so happy to see that Aleta left
and went back to say czars baby mom
although that was not even better
alternative though that was like
depressing - it was but to me it was
less depressing again and Jasmina's
house yeah this other woman is on her
own - yeah like maybe they can maybe
they'll become friends and maybe they I
don't know what this other woman's
talents are but maybe they can do
something together
margarita Morita thank you thank you so
much yes my favorite drink as well yes
exactly I knew I was like I know her
name but I can't remember it I know we
don't have much time left so we have to
go through everything pretty quickly and
what always happens but you know we we
see which I thought also was incredible
with sister and shoe being able to get
that note I still we watched it what is
each so each prisoner was pushing it
yeah to another yeah I'm like first of
all they're brave because they know how
much trouble they'd get they did that
exactly but and we see we officially see
Sofia before the note I think oh no this
is when the note happened and she now we
know that she slit her wrist yes we
don't know how or why but we just know
that she did write probably with like
the magazine I guess with the magazine I
don't know the whole thing and I'm still
fascinated know what was in that letter
me too because she looked you know maybe
it was just I feel like it's something
like hey just an encouraging thing yeah
because we know that the reason that
they're having so much trouble give me
Sophia out well no we kind of still
don't know that but the whole like
lawsuit thing with MCC is because
they're how can you prove that she's
been in there for this long because
there's no paper trail right of it and
so that's what they're trying to figure
out and we even see my boy Caputo get in
on the action on deeming quality nice
thank you that's the night the taxes
that is everybody yes he gets the phone
because like you were saying earlier
sister gets caught in the shower with
the phone that is stuck up you know her
hoo-ha right yes eloquent way to say
this the whole thing with that too was
odd because wasn't that part of what
like it felt you know that she wanted
that to happen and the whole host the
whole thing was just interesting yeah so
it she gets in trouble he grabs the
phone you know I first I was like what
is he doing like why is he why is he
taking a picture like what is he gonna
do with this you know what happening
there know right and I knew that but I
was like why is he doing it on that
phone I guess because he can't do it
from his phone because I would write and
I'm like how is this can like I was
trying to figure out how the connection
was gonna be that it was gonna now end
up getting to the the right hands to be
able to get out there so the Danny
meeting thing what I was not expecting I
don't know if you were I wasn't either
anyway he was gonna like send it to
someone that's a mailbox irregular like
that was very interesting because I was
not figured like because Danny has the
following and Danny has the people
behind him that will like make this a
bigger thing because he's gonna give it
to Sophia's ex-wife
yes yes yes yeah no well yeah no I'm
totally blank no you're necessarily come
on something with the CD but yes there's
he will make sure but I was not
expecting that and I thought that was a
really awesome way to kind of get that
out there yes oh shoot sterling says hey
Caputo for keeping Sophia and sister and
shoe but love I'm forgetting that pick -
Dani hopefully it does some good yeah
and but he's not keeping her in there
it's the big the main people in charge
of him they're keeping her in there
right well but it flows down it if like
that is
and the sister and shoe thing was a
little odd - was like come on she really
but huh I mean he is he gonna can he
really just let her out if she gets
caught doing all the things that she did
may I mean hopefully not for a meeting
yeah to me seemed very they seem minor
to me but she wanted to be there yeah to
make sure she was but the only reason
why right so I think you know that that
whole storyline is interesting because I
come thing like all of her stuff is so
minor and she's trying so hard to get
caught yeah and in the big scheme of
things it was so minor be stuck down a
shoe so well I think she just I mean he
clearly was pissed whenever he shut the
door because she asked him how long I
don't think she'll be in there and he
just slammed the door I know
but sin he took the picture so I don't
know yeah it's that whole that whole
storyline is gonna be interesting
because now we only have three episodes
left and we also have movie night going
on which we haven't had in a while for
the for the ladies we have it and tasty
gets her they're watching The Wiz which
was great because I they saw Diana Ross
on Saturday night at the Hollywood Bowl
did she was amazing oh wow
so it was just funny to watch that
episode and back yeah because I was just
thinking it made me recover and though
ya know and also made me think when I
saw her I was thinking about the Wiz and
I had not seen this episode yet so that
was everything the Wiz I saw years ago
it's very out there and can't be but it
was fun that she got to pick it and her
whole scene again with I love tasty
great crystal see yeah we were there it
was something with the CEOs like me not
that's not clear I can see like she's
our God
yes he's our and we also had Suzanne you
know trying to cuckoo do she's kind of
regretting and thinking maybe she needs
to give her a second chance and let's
just trying to set it up at movie night
and you had all this stuff being set up
with all these characters the cattle end
to movie night they're all at once you
know everyone's sing Nicki
being strung out again and you check it
for some weed right which is better it
is better crack or heroin but again it's
it's so odd to me like how do you not
get caught by other SEOs and then when
you
when you reek of it exactly I don't know
I I it doesn't accept it doesn't make
sense to me how she can walk around to
be reeking of weed to the point to where
everyone can smell on her like that yeah
yeah so we you know we're dealing with
coats at movie night and patent and
Daggett Oh
on before we talk about movie night just
what we said monkey red is blackballing
her yeah everyone I'm like how did she
get the dominicans
to say like no like what is she they're
not the type of people that if Fred
walks into them and says don't sell to
her yeah like they're gonna have that
something yeah yeah yeah but then she
also says it to freaking crazy face to
to to Angie yeah and she's like what am
i only get in return
ya know yeah that's right like don't
even go there
all right yeah so yeah the whole stuff
going on there and obviously the
kikuchiyo thing in the closet was Susan
didn't go well yeah Starlin said
kikuchiyo did say sue that dirty she's
like now this is what it feels like
being less than the forest I'm like yeah
not really a totally different thing
I was like Suzanne is finally getting
this experience she's one of the only
people who we haven't seen have some
sort where she's talked about she's
never had a real experience I'm sad so I
was just trying to do that second chance
thing it didn't work out and of course
the white girls the black girls the
tension is boiling over and I really
thought it was gonna boil over and they
kind of split it up before and they
cancelled the end of movie night yeah so
that was interesting because I think
that's what scares me because it's just
cleared where they're going Mikey's
boiling there's detentions there people
were called and crackers ya know
so it's not gonna no it's not gonna just
go away so at least they got it you know
taken care of but that was definitely a
kind of a scary moment cuz you knew
there was something that was gonna
happen there and then of course Piper
gives Blanca the granola bar right and
then the co and of course she speaks her
mind to again piscatella being in a jerk
yeah speaks her mind and then he's like
oh yeah you're right I was giving you
kind of special treatment no you don't
deserve it kind of thing and then later
on when she gives the granola bar to to
Blanca than she to now has to go
there and Stan what's getting out of
control like what do you do when you
have to use the bathroom yeah that's a
very pungent smell uh yeah she's like
breathe through your mouth so be
interesting to see how long she can stay
up on the table and of course before we
go the big thing at the end there with
the whole sewer line again piscatella
having that power is like no no just get
rid of their garden which I thought was
so cool to be getting that was such a
horrible thing and the great house and
the green house which is the ladies love
and I thought that was terrible he was
being such a jerk because he's having
this huge power trip he's like no no
it's much easier let's just do the sewer
line yeah through the garden rip it up
and of course McDonald comes across the
body and Freda there watching it's just
I mean we've been wondering the whole
time just come up randomly not him
someone like digging a new trench in the
garden but from them completely digging
the entire other ripping the whole thing
up for the sewer line and post it all
which is weird was that bars for some
what I think his handler I think I mean
either way yeah came across there we
have it so that was the end of episode
10 and that was a very intense and now
because we've missing 11 12 or 13 I'm
excited to see what's gonna happen now
me too that shiz is getting real three
more episodes more episodes but in the
meantime before the next episodes where
can they find you they'll find me
everywhere at April Wilson had yes and
you can find me on the old twitter at s
Pineda it's SM n80 and I'm also gonna be
on a new show here on afterbuzz on Trump
versus Hillary starting this week we're
covering the GOP convention and the next
week we're covering the Democratic
convention so until next time same time
same place everyone next week from
executive producers Maria Menounos Keven
Undergaro filss VTEC and the entire
afterbuzz TV staff we would like to
thank you for listening to the afterbuzz
TV network
to watch or listen to other after shows
and post comments or questions be sure
to visit afterbuzz TV com I'm Sir
Richard Wentworth and this has been a
presentation of afterbuzz TV buzz you
later use expressed herein or those are
the host-only do not necessarily reflect
the views of afterbuzz TV or its owners
your principal